[Music]
the Allrecipes member who submitted this
recipe from blue cheese burger says that
if you like blue cheese you'll never
forget these burgers
[Music]
let's begin by mincing a half cup of
fresh chives
then in a large bowl add three pounds of
lean ground beef four ounces of crumbled
blue cheese and the minced chives add in
a quarter of a teaspoon of hot pepper
sauce along with one teaspoon of
Worcestershire sauce one teaspoon of
ground black pepper one and a half
teaspoons of salt and one teaspoon of
dried mustard blend the meat cheese and
spices together well
[Music]
then cover the bowl with plastic wrap
and refrigerate for two hours when
you're ready to cook the burgers preheat
the grill to high heat while the grill
is coming up to temperature
gently form the burgers into 12 patties
[Music]
once the grill is up to temperature oil
the grill great then cook the patties
for 5 minutes on each side or until well
done
[Music]
serve the burgers on buns with your
favorite accompaniments one Allrecipes
member comments what a treat these blue
cheese burgers are the wise cook will
make up a dozen or so for the freezer
[Music]